Clarify that ::foo paths are not necessarily based off of the "crate root" (#974)
rust-lang/reference: src/paths.md

### `::`

> Paths starting with `::` are considered to be "global paths" where the segments of the path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths starting with `::` are considered to be *global paths* where the segments of the path
```

start being resolved from a place which differs based on edition. Each identifier in
the path must resolve to an item.

> **Edition Differences**: In the 2015 Edition, identifiers resolve from the "crate root"
> (`crate::` in the 2018 edition), which contains a variety of different items, including
> external crates, default crates such as `std` or `core`, and items in the top level of
> the crate (including `use` imports).
>

> > Beginning with the 2018 Edition, paths starting with `::` resolve from from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Beginning with the 2018 Edition, paths starting with `::` resolve from
```

> > crates in the [extern prelude], i.e. they _must_ be followed by the name of a crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> crates in the [extern prelude]. That is, they must be followed by the name of a crate.
```

Trying to keep italics for defining terms, not for emphasizing specific words. If you think we absolutely **must** emphasize the word, we could make it bold, but I don't think we do.
